1. ABOUT
	Advocacy is a process for a cause to influence public policy in social, economical, political, etc. 
in order to bring about justice and positive change in human rights and environmental issues. 
Advocacy on Environmental Protection involves both protecting the public from environmental 
hazards and protecting the natural world. 


Our advocacy is to raise awareness not only to the people but also to the children who will be our future leaders, 
awareness that our environment is in need of much attention.
Environment is also a part of God's creation so we do not want to put in into waste because of us people who are 
irresponsible of our own actions. 

2. MIN of 1 ARTICLE
	In the early 1900's the area now known as Bcbacan was part of the Municipality of Tuba, 
under the so-called Municipal President, now known as Municipal Mayor. Back then, this area  
was thickly forested and teeming with birds,  some species of deer, squirrels, insects, and 
other forms of wildlife. Noteworthy of the numerous frogs and toads, which during the rainy 
days made a cacophony of sounds that one would never forget when one hears it.
This accourding to the legend was the basis of the name of the place bacbacan, 
or the place of frogs, as the Igorot term of frog	

	The barangay has a street sweeper that works in different purok of the barangay. Since sanitation is a priority 
in the Barangay, Street sweepers are the ones responsible for cleaning the barangay. 
Different people offered a job by the "kagawad Based on the barangay captain 
of the Asin Rd. Barangay, they also have an issue within their 
barangay that not all the people who lives there have the discipline they need to protect the environment
of the barangay. For example, a person has a candy wrap and this person notice that there is no other 
person that can see what he/she is about to do and that is throwing that candy wrap anywhere and not
in the proper trash can.
	
	The population of Asin Road barangay consists of those employed as carpenters, woodcarvers, 
drivers, and others. We have small scale farmers who hire few workers for preparation stage 
and harvest. For woodcarvers, they hire workers on a daily basis and according to what they 
finished. The Barangay Captain will upon request provide the number of those employed broker down 
by type of employment as well as the number of unemployed inhabitants and those underemployed.
	
